Split gdscript intro into two pages (#3870)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.rst

> Advanced note : Built-in types are stack-allocated. They are passed as values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Advanced note:* Built-in types are stack-allocated. They are passed as values. 
```

Data
----

.. _doc_gdscript_variables:

Variables
~~~~~~~~~

> A variable is some data that is stored with an associated label. For example
> you could store a variable "fruit" which contained the contents "apple".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A variable is some data that is stored with an associated label. For example
you could store a variable called ``fruit`` which contains the string ``"apple"``.
```
